Notify about RHEL6 support drop (#467)
dalibo/temboard-agent: docs/upgrade.rst

6.X to 7.0
----------

> First of all, beware that support for ``RHEL6`` has been dropped.

Reviewer: Similarly, I'd suggest:
```suggestion
First of all, beware that support for ``RHEL/CentOS 6`` has been dropped.
```
